README.md, before:

# Always Centred

[![GitHub release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/sdoehren/always-centred.svg)](https://GitHub.com/sdoehren/always-centred/releases/)

[![Forge Install %](https://img.shields.io/badge/dynamic/json?label=Forge%20Installs&query=package.installs&suffix=%25&url=https%3A%2F%2Fforge-vtt.com%2Fapi%2Fbazaar%2Fpackage%2Falways-centred
)](https://GitHub.com/sdoehren/always-centred/releases/)


[![Github all releases](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/sdoehren/always-centred/total.svg)](https://GitHub.com/sdoehren/always-centred/releases/)
[![Github Releases (by Release)](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/sdoehren/always-centred/latest/total.svg)](https://GitHub.com/sdoehren/always-centred/releases/)


[![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/sdoehren/always-centred/bug.svg)](https://GitHub.com/sdoehren/always-centred/issues/)
 

[![ko-fi](https://img.shields.io/badge/ko--fi-Support%20Me-red?style=flat-square&logo=ko-fi)](https://ko-fi.com/sdoehren)


Always Centred continuously centres and zooms the view on player owned characters or the currently selected token.


## Future of Always Centred

Always Centred will be updated to V10.

Going forwards Always Centred should be treated as unsupported.

I will continue to develop Always Centred for my own games so major bugs will be fixed, but edge cases will take longer to get to.

It is recommended that you consider use of [Monk's Common Display](https://github.com/ironmonk88/monks-common-display).  
It is an excellent module and covers most of what Always Centred does.



## Instructions
Set "Mode" to Party View or Selected Token, the rest should be automatic.

## Settings

- Mode: (default: Disabled)  
Disabled: Module off  
Party View: Will zoom and centre to include all **player owned** tokens.  
Selected Token:  Will zoom and centre to include only the selected tokens.  

- Auto Zoom: (default: Enabled)  
Whether the camera will move towards and away from the board as needed.

- Mitigate Bouncing Issue: (default: Enabled)  
Only relevant when Auto Zoom is set to off and Mode is Party View.  
As two tokens reach the edge of the screen it will begin to bounce as Foundry tries to pan to the new position. This setting forces Auto Zoom when required to avoid this.
  
- Padding (squares): (default:12)  
The number squares added to the box around the targets.

- Padding (%): (default: 33)  
The percentage to add to the box around the targets. 

- Max zoom level: Ignored if Auto Zoom disabled (default: 1, max:3) 
Maximum tightness to the tabletop; high number tokens appear bigger, low number tokens appear smaller.  
Setting 1: 1 pixel on tabletop=1 pixel in view  
Setting 3: 1 pixel on tabletop=3 pixel in view  
Setting 0.2: 5 pixel on tabletop=1 pixel in view  

- Camera animation speed: (default: 500ms; 0=instant)
Speed at which the camera recentres
  
- Include Invisible: (Default: Disable, GM only option, effects all players)
Whether to include all player owned tokens or just those the user can see in the party view calculations. 
  
- Debug: (Default: Disable)  
Outputs addition information to the console.

## Licence

<a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/"><img alt="Creative Commons License" style="border-width:0" src="https://i.creativecommons.org/l/by-nc-sa/4.0/88x31.png" /></a><br />This work is licensed under a <a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/">Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International License</a>.

## Change log

#### 0008 - Hotfix

#### 0007 - V10 Compatibility Version

- V10 Compatibility added
- Scene Controls Removed
- API added

#### 0006

- Issue with DM Mode Resolved
- Keybind options removed.
- Overall the program has been simplified

#### 0005 - V9 Compatibility Version

#### 0004

- Bug Fix - "AlwaysCentredLayer" mislabeled


#### 0.3.00 - 0.8.6 support added

- 0.7.x is no longer officially supported

#### 0.2.11 - Controls Option

- Option to disable HUD controls readded

#### 0.2.10 - Controls moved

- Controls have been moved to their own area; related settings have been removed.

#### 0.2.05 - Removed Test Code

- Some test code was left in that caused GM control to turn off on reload.

#### 0.2.04 - Invisible Token and GM Control

- Resolved issue around Invisible Token and GM Control

#### 0.2.03 - Hot fix

- Anonymous tokens issue re-resolved. Thanks Jon.

#### 0.2.01 - GM controls Main

- Anonymous tokens issue resolved.
- Invisible tokens trigger pan in GM control mode
- "DM" replaced with "GM" in documentation
- Scene control buttons are now optional
- Key binds are now partial supported via [Keybind Lib](https://gitlab.com/fvtt-modules-lab/keybind-lib).
- Bug Reporter support added.

#### 0.2.00 - GM controls Beta
- General code improvements
- Added controls to allow GM to control all players' centring.
- Added the option to ignore invisible tokens in party view
- Quick change buttons added to scene controls
- Issue with Party View mode and auto zoom being off partially mitigated.

#### 0.1.4 - Hot Fix3

#### 0.1.3 - Hot Fix2

#### 0.1.2 - Hot Fix
- some users reported receiving GM control notifications

#### 0.1.1 - Bug Fix

- Vastly reduced conflict with multilevel tokens
- Player Characters mode renamed Party View

#### 0.1.0 - First Beta Release  
This was the first public beta.


### Licence

<a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/"><img alt="Creative Commons License" style="border-width:0" src="https://i.creativecommons.org/l/by-nc-sa/4.0/88x31.png" /></a><br />This work is licensed under a <a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/">Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International License</a>.

Commit message:

Simple compatibility changes for v11. Only declarational and cosmetics, no hard code changes required.

README.md, after:

# Always Centred

[![GitHub release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/sdoehren/always-centred.svg)](https://GitHub.com/sdoehren/always-centred/releases/)

[![Forge Install %](https://img.shields.io/badge/dynamic/json?label=Forge%20Installs&query=package.installs&suffix=%25&url=https%3A%2F%2Fforge-vtt.com%2Fapi%2Fbazaar%2Fpackage%2Falways-centred
)](https://GitHub.com/sdoehren/always-centred/releases/)


[![Github all releases](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/sdoehren/always-centred/total.svg)](https://GitHub.com/sdoehren/always-centred/releases/)
[![Github Releases (by Release)](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/sdoehren/always-centred/latest/total.svg)](https://GitHub.com/sdoehren/always-centred/releases/)


[![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/sdoehren/always-centred/bug.svg)](https://GitHub.com/sdoehren/always-centred/issues/)
 

[![ko-fi](https://img.shields.io/badge/ko--fi-Support%20Me-red?style=flat-square&logo=ko-fi)](https://ko-fi.com/sdoehren)


Always Centred continuously centres and zooms the view on player owned characters or the currently selected token.


## Future of Always Centred

Always Centred will be updated to V10.

Going forwards Always Centred should be treated as unsupported.

I will continue to develop Always Centred for my own games so major bugs will be fixed, but edge cases will take longer to get to.

It is recommended that you consider use of [Monk's Common Display](https://github.com/ironmonk88/monks-common-display).  
It is an excellent module and covers most of what Always Centred does.



## Instructions
Set "Mode" to Party View or Selected Token, the rest should be automatic.

## Settings

- Mode: (default: Disabled)  
Disabled: Module off  
Party View: Will zoom and centre to include all **player owned** tokens.  
Selected Token:  Will zoom and centre to include only the selected tokens.  

- Auto Zoom: (default: Enabled)  
Whether the camera will move towards and away from the board as needed.

- Mitigate Bouncing Issue: (default: Enabled)  
Only relevant when Auto Zoom is set to off and Mode is Party View.  
As two tokens reach the edge of the screen it will begin to bounce as Foundry tries to pan to the new position. This setting forces Auto Zoom when required to avoid this.
  
- Padding (squares): (default:12)  
The number squares added to the box around the targets.

- Padding (%): (default: 33)  
The percentage to add to the box around the targets. 

- Max zoom level: Ignored if Auto Zoom disabled (default: 1, max:3) 
Maximum tightness to the tabletop; high number tokens appear bigger, low number tokens appear smaller.  
Setting 1: 1 pixel on tabletop=1 pixel in view  
Setting 3: 1 pixel on tabletop=3 pixel in view  
Setting 0.2: 5 pixel on tabletop=1 pixel in view  

- Camera animation speed: (default: 500ms; 0=instant)
Speed at which the camera recentres
  
- Include Invisible: (Default: Disable, GM only option, effects all players)
Whether to include all player owned tokens or just those the user can see in the party view calculations. 
  
- Debug: (Default: Disable)  
Outputs addition information to the console.

## Licence

<a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/"><img alt="Creative Commons License" style="border-width:0" src="https://i.creativecommons.org/l/by-nc-sa/4.0/88x31.png" /></a><br />This work is licensed under a <a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/">Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International License</a>.

## Change log

#### 0009 - FoundryVTT v11 compatibility
Mainly declarational changes in module.json, and some cosmetics.
Also slightly harmonized version numbering: It now reads "0009" across the whole mod.
Semantic versioning in upcoming releases recommended!

#### 0008 - Hotfix

#### 0007 - V10 Compatibility Version

- V10 Compatibility added
- Scene Controls Removed
- API added

#### 0006

- Issue with DM Mode Resolved
- Keybind options removed.
- Overall the program has been simplified

#### 0005 - V9 Compatibility Version

#### 0004

- Bug Fix - "AlwaysCentredLayer" mislabeled


#### 0.3.00 - 0.8.6 support added

- 0.7.x is no longer officially supported

#### 0.2.11 - Controls Option

- Option to disable HUD controls readded

#### 0.2.10 - Controls moved

- Controls have been moved to their own area; related settings have been removed.

#### 0.2.05 - Removed Test Code

- Some test code was left in that caused GM control to turn off on reload.

#### 0.2.04 - Invisible Token and GM Control

- Resolved issue around Invisible Token and GM Control

#### 0.2.03 - Hot fix

- Anonymous tokens issue re-resolved. Thanks Jon.

#### 0.2.01 - GM controls Main

- Anonymous tokens issue resolved.
- Invisible tokens trigger pan in GM control mode
- "DM" replaced with "GM" in documentation
- Scene control buttons are now optional
- Key binds are now partial supported via [Keybind Lib](https://gitlab.com/fvtt-modules-lab/keybind-lib).
- Bug Reporter support added.

#### 0.2.00 - GM controls Beta
- General code improvements
- Added controls to allow GM to control all players' centring.
- Added the option to ignore invisible tokens in party view
- Quick change buttons added to scene controls
- Issue with Party View mode and auto zoom being off partially mitigated.

#### 0.1.4 - Hot Fix3

#### 0.1.3 - Hot Fix2

#### 0.1.2 - Hot Fix
- some users reported receiving GM control notifications

#### 0.1.1 - Bug Fix

- Vastly reduced conflict with multilevel tokens
- Player Characters mode renamed Party View

#### 0.1.0 - First Beta Release  
This was the first public beta.


### Licence

<a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/"><img alt="Creative Commons License" style="border-width:0" src="https://i.creativecommons.org/l/by-nc-sa/4.0/88x31.png" /></a><br />This work is licensed under a <a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/">Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International License</a>.
